In this lecture, we're going to be calling the functions to now use our camera shake.
Classes that we've created in the previous lecture.
So to do this, we'll need our POUM base and projectile based class open, like in any of the other
effect, implementation topics that we've covered as a small challenge.
Take the opportunity to recap on implementing the T subclass of process.
Create a variable named headshake of type U camera shake.
Provide this a new property to allow this to be edited anywhere and then place it in the category.
Named Effect.
So go ahead and post video and give this one to go.
So hopefully nice and simple by this point, we're just going to use the T subclass of.
The type of you camera shake and of course, named hit Shake.
We can then take any of our existing affects you properties and pace that just above our new variable.
So inside of our kofar, where we've been placing all of our other effects, we need to cool some functionality
on the player controller so we can do this by using as the get world function.
Finding the first plane controller and then from this reference, we can call the client play camera
shake.
So this takes a few overwrites.
The only one that we're going to need is our camera shake Clarkes, which we've previously created.
So that's going to be our hit shake.
And we can then pass in things like a flight value for the strength of the impact to this defaults to
one, which is the full strength, which is what we actually want to use.
And we can do that by just letting this default, by not passing in any further arguments.
So another thing to note here, what we're talking about, the strength of the camera shake.
This is a really handy variable to have access to because if you're implementing settings to control
the strength of a camera in something like an options menu, you could use this with a slider to effect
the value being passed in here.
I'm remembering that you can set that strength between zero and one to suit people's preferences on
how much kind of intensity they can take with screen wobbling stuff.
To finish up here, though, I'm just going to copy the head a declaration from the projectile base,
including the property, and we'll paste this into our pwn head of file.
And then change the name to death sheik.
Then I'll also copy the implementation from the projecto code.
We'll paste this into the handle destruction function in the PWN base and again change the hit shake
to dust shake.
So have those implemented back in the Ed..
We're going to compile to check our changes and take the familiar steps to implement.
The camera hits effects into that slot for both the turret and the tank classes.
And then also for the projectile class.
So in both the turret and tank classes are all set.
The death check property to be the BP underscore camp shake explode.
So this is gonna be the bigger, more intense explosion.
Camera shake when something larger like the porn classes get destroyed than in the projecto class,
offset the headshake property to be our BP underscore cam Schaik hit.
So this will be the kind of less intense one, especially because this will be playing a lot more often
based on the fire rates and things.
So after a couple of playtest, we can see all of the correct camera shake effects are being played
at the correct times.
So another challenge for you is to just play around with the variables in the blueprint.
Camera shake classes just get a better understanding of which properties control different aspects of
the effects and even dive in and see what's a field of view and rotation offsets can apply as well.
And I think you'll end up finding some pretty cool uses with this class.